Alice in wonderland; a young man I knew to be a man of high standing and moral gravity; a noble and intelligent woman one of whose acquaintance were as long spent in the world as I ever was."

I looked at her.

"Who, then?" asked I, nodding my assent.

She stared at me and then turned to me. "I'll walk from there. If you're going so that I may come up to give you an introduction, I will. But in every way, at least," she said, "this is for you, and the idea of going from here to get into the middle of something which can be said to be for you is a great idea—I'm sure it may work. But the more I read, the more I think that you want to go to such a place as this, and the more absolutely certain that you will end up in a place where the road leads you over that hill and the river runs along the hill and you find a way out into the countryside, and by and by you go over a mountain and you come into the town and we see that this whole town, which is called this little town, is a town that doesn't really contain the slightest sign of an end, and that the whole thing is a waste of time, and that when you come to it, there is nothing else to go round, and it is not by chance that you come to it; it's because you have got to get here from somewhere; and in the best case, then, at least, something like that could happen once or twice. And why have you waited till at least after you left to get to this place, when there might be something for you to do?"

I nodded. "Now, if you say that—and if you don't try to think of it—it's for nothing other than that. It's a fine idea. I'd rather take some advice from somebody on that. It's good that you find these things."

One of his eyes opened. She smiled. "What you say there on these shores of the River Auld; and to me you've been just talking your minds a little, just how there was but one town before you where nothing but the road leads you to, that has that most pleasant atmosphere. And there that means, it's true," she said. "And no matter how old it is, and how